Barney tumblin house is packed full of
reptiles and things with lots of legs he
sells venom to pharmaceutical companies
and insects to educational
establishments this is a thing called a
vinegaroon this is a male yeah and right
in the back here yeah and they have a
gland at the base of the tail that
squirts eighty percent acetic acid and
vinegar is about eight or ten percent a
very strong vinegar smell just try
handling them there no I'm Jewish me
yeah see well you won't do anything even
if he squirts this thing cannot do
anyhow no I know very sister too many
legs too many legs on the next specimen
as well and we have a nice desert hairy
scorpion here I don't like to take them
out and put them in her hand this guy
does have quite a large stinger you
daddy the singer yeah one of your most
venomous only way oh sorry doesn't worry
about bringing them into your house and
because I mean I I just saw you kind of
you know I drop this video anything
anyone who knows what's living in your
yeah it's open carpets and everything
else I try to make sure I gather that
back and get it into the container and
uh I mean I walk outside and it can be a
rattlesnake at the doorstep and there
are rattlesnakes on the doorstep at
Barney's house he keeps eight large
Diamondbacks for film working
commercials oh this one here yep it's
perfectly safe but don't lean against
the screen nice right that's a
great-looking one is not so have you
ever been bitten yourself by one of
these I was bidden last October when I
was milking is that the first time
that's the first time and and we had to
have helicopter evacuation I was
unconscious in about 20 minutes and my
heart actually stopped so what can you
remember oh actually it was kind of a
calming effect because you go through a
lot of pretty extreme cramps stomach
cramps leg cramps I don't know if you've
ever seen a venomous snake bite a mouse
and then I was kind of straighten out
and gets kind of thick that's what I was
sort of feeling like you're just kind of
drift off into this lovely sleep and
then eight hours later I woke up so i
guess the difference is you either wake
up or you don't know
that night Barney shows us something
else extraordinary and gives us a chance
to make some money these scorpions glow
at night with these black lights now
they'll show quite well from a couple of
feet why do they glow like this well we
really don't know what makes them what's
the phosphorescence so what do you do
when you find them I just grabbed him by
the tail yeah gently and then put oil
I'll bring this up oh and just hold vile
straight straight up and down there you
go I'll putting my I'll leave sorry
about that there is stabilized oh my god
is running in me my quick quick quick
quick quick you to grab it yeah why why
as usual Steve can't resist the chance
to prove his animal handling a blue tees
Oh countdown stop good so you can see
sting there yeah don't try this at home
being stung by this type of scorpion
would feel like hitting your own finger
with a hammer don't have door enjoy and
got him in there are you like see ya
Hayes is fun of me there you go so if I
understand a dollar you just turned the
door testosterone surge for today it's
always nice to know you can do those of
it like that if if I was collecting
hundreds of them then you're gonna get
stung I've got a real interesting one a
little earlier you might be interested
in seeing Elia and it's one with with it
has young all over its back its current
then holds badge of babies on their
maybe 20 they don't seem to have the
fluorescence so how long do they carry
them like that till they molt again and
then they'll go off their separate ways
but you'll certainly that is one a lot
of babies it isn't gonna get any hassle
what is it